javascript.md, before:

[Home](README.md)

## JavaScript

JavaScript is the behavior layer and provides **logic** and interactivity to your webpage. It can **access** content by selecting any element, attribute, or text in html. It can **modify** content by adding or removing elements, attributes, or text. With JavaScript you can specify rules for the browser to follow and have the script react to certain events, such as when the user clicks a button or hovers over an image.


### Objects and Methods

**Object** -containers for named values called properties or methods.
**Methods** -are actions that can be performed on objects.

### Script

A script is a series of instructions for the computer to follow and each instruction should start on a new line, each instruction is known as a **statement.** Statments end with a semicolon.

Statements can be organized into **code blocks** (areas surrounded by curly braces) Code blocks can be used to group together many more statements.

The <*script*> element is used with embed JavaScript code.

*Remember JavaScript is case sensitive*

### Comments

Comments should be used to explain what your code does and can be written as such:
  - for multiline comments use /* this is a comment */
  - for singleline comments use // this is a comment

### Variables

Commit message:

for ref, added more notes on scripts

javascript.md, after:

[Home](README.md)

## JavaScript

JavaScript is the behavior layer and provides **logic** and interactivity to your webpage. It can **access** content by selecting any element, attribute, or text in html. It can **modify** content by adding or removing elements, attributes, or text. With JavaScript you can **program** rules for the browser to follow and have the script **react** to certain events, such as when the user clicks a button or hovers over an image.


### Objects and Methods

**Object** -containers for named values called properties or methods.
**Methods** -are actions that can be performed on objects.

### Script

A script is a series of instructions for the computer to follow to achieve a goal. Each instruction should start on a new line, each instruction is known as a **statement**. Statments end with a semicolon. You can think of a script as a recipe, handbook, or manual.

### Writing Scripts

When writing a script, first state your goal, then list the tasks that need to be completed in order to reach it. Start with the big picture of what you want to achieve, and break that down to smaller steps.
  1. Define the goal
  1. Design the script -this can be a flowchart
  1. Code each step

Statements can be organized into **code blocks** (areas surrounded by curly braces) Code blocks can be used to group together many more statements.

The <*script*> element is used with embed JavaScript code.

*Remember JavaScript is case sensitive*

### Comments

Comments should be used to explain what your code does and can be written as such:
  - for multiline comments use /* this is a comment */
  - for singleline comments use // this is a comment

### Variables
