README.md, before:


# Welcome to My Notes

Hello, my name is Marie Marcos and I'm from the beautiful state of Washington. I'm a former Aviation Electrician for the US Navy and am now following the path to greater technical knowledge by learning to code. This is the beginning of my journey!

In this webpage, I'm utilizing a lightweight markup language called Markdown to create formatted and organized notes on all the awesome things I've been learning about.

[Visit My GitHub](https://github.com/Mmarcos01?tab=repositories) or see what I learned about:

## Code 102 Reading Notes:

- [Growth Mindset](growthmindset.md)

- [Markdown](learnmarkdown.md)

- [Text Editors](texteditor.md)

- [Terminal Usage](terminalusage.md)

- [Revisions and the Cloud](revisions.md)

- [Add Commit Push](acp.md)

- [Starting with HTML](html.md)

- [Starting with CSS](css.md)

- [Starting with JavaScript](javascript.md)

- [JavaScript: Continued](morejs.md)

- [Computer Architecture and Logic](computers.md)

## Code 201 Reading Notes:

- [HTML and Javascript Review](class-01.md)

- [Javascript Arrays, Decisions and Loops](class-02.md)

- [HTML: Lists and Boxes, Javascript: Decisions and Loops](class-03.md)
- class 4
- class 5
- class 6
- class 7
- class 8
- class 9
- class 10
- class 11
- class 12
- class 13
- class 14
- class 15

Commit message:

added notes on links html

README.md, after:


# Welcome to My Notes

Hello, my name is Marie Marcos and I'm from the beautiful state of Washington. I'm a former Aviation Electrician for the US Navy and am now following the path to greater technical knowledge by learning to code. This is the beginning of my journey!

In this webpage, I'm utilizing a lightweight markup language called Markdown to create formatted and organized notes on all the awesome things I've been learning about.

[Visit My GitHub](https://github.com/Mmarcos01?tab=repositories) or see what I learned about:

## Code 102 Reading Notes:

- [Growth Mindset](growthmindset.md)

- [Markdown](learnmarkdown.md)

- [Text Editors](texteditor.md)

- [Terminal Usage](terminalusage.md)

- [Revisions and the Cloud](revisions.md)

- [Add Commit Push](acp.md)

- [Starting with HTML](html.md)

- [Starting with CSS](css.md)

- [Starting with JavaScript](javascript.md)

- [JavaScript: Continued](morejs.md)

- [Computer Architecture and Logic](computers.md)

## Code 201 Reading Notes:

- [HTML and Javascript Review](class-01.md)

- [Javascript Arrays, Decisions and Loops](class-02.md)

- [HTML: Lists and Boxes, Javascript: Decisions and Loops](class-03.md)
- [HTML: Links and Layouts, Javascript: Functions, Methods and Objects](class-04.md)
- class 5
- class 6
- class 7
- class 8
- class 9
- class 10
- class 11
- class 12
- class 13
- class 14
- class 15
