[Home](../README.md) 

[How to use Random Module](https://www.pythonforbeginners.com/random/how-to-use-the-random-module-in-python)

## Random Module

The random module provides access to functions that support many operations and allows you to generate random numbers.

### Random Module Functions

**randint** - accepts two parameters a low (first) and high(second) number to generate a random number between

Ex: Output wll be 1, 2, 3, 4, or 5

import random
print random.randint(0, 5)

**random** - you can multiply for large numbers

Ex: Getting a random number between 0 and 100

import random
random.random() * 100

**choice** - generate a random value from the sequence

Ex: Choosing a random element from a list

import random
myList = [1, 2, True, 'red', 'blue']
random.choice(myList)

**shuffle** - shuffles the elements in a list in place, so they are in a random order.

[Example](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/976882/shuffling-a-list-of-objects)

m random import shuffle
x = [[i] for i in range(10)]
shuffle(x)

**randrange** - generate a randomly selected element from range(start, stop, step)

import random
for i in range(3):
&nbsp;&nbsp;print random.randrange(0, 101, 5)

## Risk Analysis

Risk analysis is the process of identifying the risks in apps or software that you've built and prioritizing them to test (assigning the level of risk) calculating the impact of the risk.

Using risk analysis early in a project helps highlight potential problem areas and helps the team mitigate risks.

Some risks are unavoidable, such as:

- The time allocated for testing
- A defect leakage due to the complexity or size of the application
- Urgency from the clients to deliver the project
- Incomplete requirements

- Conduct Risk Assessment meetings
- Use max resources on high-risk areas
- Create a Risk Assessment database for future use
- Identify risk magnitude indicators: high, medium, low.

### Risk mMgnitude Indicators

**High:** the effect of the risk would be very high and non-tolerable. The company might face loss.

**Medium:** it is tolerable but not desirable. The company may suffer financially but there is a limited risk.

**Low:** it is tolerable. There is little or no external exposure or no financial loss.

### Risk Identification

**Business Risks:** risk that may come from your company or your customer, not from your project.

**Testing Risks:** risk with platform and software testing tools being used.

**Premature Release Risk:** risk of releasing unsatisfactory or untested software.

**Software Risks:** risk associated with the software development process.

### Risk Assessment

Three perspectives of Risk Assessment:

1. Effect
1. Cause
1. Likelihood

**Effect** – To assess risk by Effect. In case you identify a condition, event or action and try to determine its impact.

**Cause** – To assess risk by Cause is opposite of by Effect. Initialize scanning the problem and reach to the point that could be the most probable reason behind that.

**Likelihood** – To assess risk by Likelihood is to say that there is a probability that a requirement won’t be satisfied.

[Home](../README.md) 