## Stacks

A stack is a data structure that consists of Nodes. Each Node references the next Node in the stack, but does not reference its previous.

**Push** - Nodes or items that are put into the stack are pushed

**Pop** - Nodes or items that are removed from the stack are popped. Attempt to pop an empty stack will raise an exception.

**Top** - Top of the stack.

**Peek** - View the value of the top Node in the stack. Attempt to peek an empty stack will raise an exception.

**IsEmpty** - returns true when stack is empty, else returns false.

### First In Last Out
Stacks can follow the concept of First In Last Out (FILO). Meaning the first item added to the stack will be the last popped out.

### Last In First Out
Stacks can follow the concept of Last In First Out (LIFO). Meaning the last item added to the stack will be the first popped out.

## Queues

**Enqueue** - Nodes or items that are added to the queue.

**Dequeue** - Nodes or items that are removed from the queue. Attempt to call when queue is empty will raise an exception.

**Front** - This is the front/first Node of the queue.

**Rear** - This is the rear/last Node of the queue.

**Peek** - When you peek you will view the value of the front Node in the queue. Attempt to call when queue is empty will raise an exception.

**IsEmpty** - returns true when queue is empty, else returns false.


### First In First Out
Queues can follow the concept of First In First Out (FIFO). Meaning that the first item in the queue will be the first item out of the queue.

### Last In Last Out
Queues can follow the concept of Last In Last Out (LILO)). Meaning that the last item in the queue will be the last item out of the queue.