[Home](../README.md)  

[Doc: Classes and Objects](https://www.learnpython.org/en/Classes_and_Objects) 

### Classes and Objects

Objects consist of variables and functions in a single entity. Objects get their variables and functions from classes. Classes are essentially a template to create your objects.

Example of a basic class: 

class MyClass:  
&nbsp;&nbsp;word = "whatever"  
&nbsp;&nbsp;def function(self)  
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;print("Message inside of class")  

**To assign the above class to an object:**  

myobject = MyClass()

**Accessing Object Variables:**  

myobject.word 

Printing this would access the variable "word" and print "whatever" 

**Reassigning the variable:**

myobject2 = MyClass()
myobject2.word = "blah"

**Access functions in the class in the same way**

myobjectx = MyClass()
myobjectx.function()

### Thinkning Recursively in Python

[Doc: Real Python](https://realpython.com/python-thinking-recursively/)

In a Recursive algorithm - If the current problem represents a simple case, solve it. If not, divide it into subproblems and apply the same strategy to them.

Recursive function - A recursive function is a function defined in terms of itself via self-referential expressions. 

The function will continue to call itself and repeat its behavior until some condition is met to return a result. All recursive functions share a common structure made up of two parts: base case and recursive case.

#### Maintaining State
Each recursive call has its own execution context, to maintain state during recursion you have to either:

- Thread the state through each recursive call so that the current state is part of the current call’s execution context
- Keep the state in global scope

### Pytest

[Article: Pytest Fixtures and Coverage](https://www.linuxjournal.com/content/python-testing-pytest-fixtures-and-coverage)  

Pytest is a library for testing Python code. The article covers the pytest features: fixtures and code coverage

#### Fixtures

In some cases you may want to have some objects available to all of your tests. Those objects might contain data you want to share across tests, or they might involve the network or filesystem. These are often known as "fixtures."

In pytest fixtures are defined using a combination of the pytest.fixture decorator, along with a function definition.

#### Coverage

Code Coverage means checking that your tests have run all of the code. 100% code coverage doesn't mean that your code is perfect but it does give you a greater degree of confidence in the code and the fact that it has been run at least once.  

pytest-cov on PyPI is a package that you can install. Once done, you can invoke pytest with the --cov option. providing no argument will get a coverage report for every part of the Python library that your program used, it is suggested that you provide an argument to --cov, specifying which program(s) you want to test. And, you should indicate the directory into which the report should be written. 

[Home](../README.md)  