[Home](../README.md)  

[Article: TDD With Python](https://code.likeagirl.io/in-tests-we-trust-tdd-with-python-af69f47e6932)  

Unit tests are pieces of code that exercise the input, output, and behavior of your code.

### TDD - Test Driven Development

TDD is a strategy to think about and write tests first.

Be descriptive with your test name, it can be a full sentence, it is part of your documentation.  

The test file name should follow the same name of module name. For instance, if our module is example.py, our test name should be test_example.py. Ideally you should separate the test folder from production code.  

#### Example:
mymodule/  
 — module.py  
 — another_folder/  
 — — another_module.py  
tests/  
 — test_module.py  
 — another_folder/  
 — — test_another_module.py  

#### AAA: Arrange, Act, Assert

Consider structure- a widely used convention is AAA.  

 - **Arrange:** organize the data needed to execute that piece of code (input);  

 - **Act:** execute the code being tested (exercise the behaviour);  

 - **Assert:** check if the result (output) is the same as you were expecting.  

Execute the tests using a library such as **pytest**.

#### The Cycle

The cycle has 3 steps:

 1. Write a unit test and make it fail (it needs to fail because the feature isn’t there)  
 1. Write the feature and make the test pass  
 1. Refactor the code — the first version doesn’t need to be the beautiful  

#### Takeaways
- The greatest advantage about TDD is to craft the software design first.  
- Your code will be more reliable.
- Beginning will be hard- You just need to practice.

### Recursion

[Article: Recursion](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/recursion/)  

Recursion is the process in which a function calls itself directly or indirectly and the corresponding function is called as recursive function.

#### Difference between direct and indirect recursion
A function is called direct recursive if it calls the same function. A function is called indirect recursive if it calls another function which in turn calls the first function directly or indirectly.  

#### Difference between tailed and non-tailed recursion
A recursive function is tail recursive when recursive call is the last thing executed by the function.

#### Disadvantages of recursive programming over iterative programming
The recursive program has greater space requirements than iterative program as all functions will remain in the stack until the base case is reached. Also - greater time requirements because of function calls and returns overhead.

#### Advantages of recursive programming over iterative programming
Recursion provides a clean and simple way to write code.

