[Home](../README.md) 


### Linked List
Linked lists are linear data structures - meaning there is an order to how they're constructed and traversed. This is opposed to a non-linear data structure where one node may be connected to several others.

Essentially, a Linked List is a sequence of Nodes that are linked to each other. Each Node references the next Node in the link.

Nodes - refer to the individual items/links that live in a linked list. (Each node contains the data for each link.) It has two parts: data and a reference to the next node.

>"A node only knows about what data it contains, and who its neighbor is."

Linked lists and arrays are similar in the way data is sequence, the order matters. However, there is a difference between them in how memory is used:

Arrays are static and need a contiguous block of memory. (static data structure)

Linked lists don't need to be contiguous, they can grow dynamically. (dynamic data structure)

**Two types of Linked List:**

Singly - has one reference, and the reference points to the Next node in a linked list. Simplest type, only go in one direction - start at the head node,and traverse from the root until the last node, which will end at an empty null value.

Doubly - there are two references within the node, which reference to both the Next and Previous node. This can be helpful if we wanted to be able to traverse our data structure not just in a single track or direction, but also backwards, too.

A circular linked list doesnt end in a null value and can circle back to a previous node. A singly or doubly can be turned into a circular list.

### Big O

Big O Notation is a way of evaluating the performance of an algorithm. Considering
1. How much time is required at runtime
2. How much time and memory it needs

[Reference](https://medium.com/basecs/whats-a-linked-list-anyway-part-2-131d96f71996)

Steps to grow a linked list 

1. Find the head node
2. Make the new node, and set its pointer to the current first node of the list.
3. Rearrange the head node’s pointer to point at the new node.